Hey welcome back.
We actually forgot to test one last point and fix one last point and that is the updating profile.
If I check changed my user name to boo and save everything works.
If I go to console and everything works or does it I get on authorized and on the client side I'm getting
the update.
But if I refresh year 0.
My profile didn't change.
And that's because we forgot to give authorization because post requests needs to send the authorization
header through profile ID so on the front end we need to also go to our component's and go to our profile
and on the button that says on profile update we need to add the headers.
So let's go to our hop Doug A-S copy what we already have there.
Let's scroll down let's copy this chunk of code for headers.
Now if we go to profile we can make sure that the profile update will have the authorization headers
from Windows session.
Get item tokin and we want to make sure that based on the response let's say that if the response is
has a status of 200 and also a response dot status of three or four that means the response was cached
by the browser and the browser is just returning the cached version.
So if everything works out in that case please do.
All of these things
so we only load the users if we actually get this information.
And now that we're sending the authorization tokin this endpoint should work.
All right so let's test that out by saving going back to our shop.
Let's make this a little bit smaller.
I'm going to update my profile finally to boom click save.
Everything's updating.
No errors here if I refresh boom your current entry count is 6 and we've updated our profile.
All right.
It's nice to get that one.
It feels good.
It's time for the next video.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.